h2. Overview

RaidInviteManager is a fast and easy tool for managing rosters and invites for guild and PUG raids. See all candidate raid members, select the ones you want and invite them to your raid. Also has an import function for bringing in rosters from forum posts or other systems.

h2. Usage

To open the UI type /rim or /raidinvitemanager. You will see three tabs: Manage, Import and Options

h3. Manage Tab

The Manage Tab is where you actually organize the raid. See everyone you're considering for the raid, their class (automatically determined if in your guild) and role (automatically set when possible).

Assign roles and sort to review what you have. Set the ones you wish to invite to Approved status, click Invite and RaidInviteManager does the rest.

h3. Import Tab

If, like many guilds, you post lineups on your guild forums, you quickly and easily import the approved roster by copying from the forums and pasting into the editbox on this tab. Click Import and the names will be added to the Manage Tab for you to manage and invite when you're ready to go.

To make it even easier, you can organize the content in this tab so the Import will automatically set the roles and status. Lines that begin with a hash (#) are treated specially and will set the role for all subsequent names. Hash marks that appear anywhere other than the beginning of the line are ignored.

Sample import:

 &#35; Tanks

 Datank
 Brownbear

 &#35; Healers
 Holylight   # May need to leave early
 Palladinn
 Treeftw

 &#35; Melee
 Pokeystabby
 Slashandburn

 &#35; Ranged
 Nukernuker
 Backoffdude
 Dotemup

 &#35; Standby
 Onthabench
 Sittingitout

h3. Options Tab

Various options that help control the addon can be set on this tab.

* Enable whisper add - when checked lets the user whisper you the message "addraid" and be automatically added to your roster. Optionally can be appended with the roles the person is able or willing to play. Example: "addraid Tank Melee"

h2. License

Copyright 2010 Quaiche of Dragonblight

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

